OK so we have our home page and blog page and we're going to start to take care of the single pages
.
So I want to start with the post.
OK so we click read more.
It brings us to a page like this which you could keep this style with the animation but I rather have
just a standard single post to lay out.
So what we're going to do is create a new file and let's save that as a single dot.
P p
Let's go ahead and bring in the header
and footer
and then we're going to have our y a loop
ok and then we're going to have our titlebar so we can grab that from index
right now instead of just having the word blog is our title since we put this inside the while loop
we can use the content.
I'm sorry the title as are H-1 so we can say ph be the title.
OK.
Take a look and you can see now we have the actual post-Idol as our title.
So now what we'll do is let's go under this section under the title bar and we'll create section give
it a class.
Actually you know what do is just get it from the HDMI all that we created.
So in clean cut each all I'm going to go to single dot HDMI now and let's grab from here
down to here.
So that section.
OK we're going to post that piece that right here.
And then we're just going to kind of trade the static content for Dynamic Content.
OK.
So we have our thumbnail let's get rid of this and put in a p p post thumbnail
and for our media content here let's replace the D
with PH P the time
format that and then we're going to replace the user name here with the author along with the link around
it.
And that goes to get author posts you Arel and we pass and get the author Mehta as a parameter along
with the ID.
Now this here will be replaced by the content.
So let's get rid of that
and then the sidebar stuff will keep that like it is for now.
So let's save that make sure it works OK.
So that looks good.
Aside from not having the comments yet and the static sidebar but this part here is intact.
So what we want to do now is the archive.
So if we were to let's say click on the user it'll bring us to the users post what I want to edit the
title.
So let's create a new file and we're going to save it as archive dot THP.
And I'm going to copy everything that's in the index file.
OK and then we're just going to go up to where we have the H-1
and we're going to paste in the same code we've been using for the archive title.
Just checking to see for instance if it's a category if it is we're going to use the single cat title
function and so on.
So let's save that reload.
And now we have the correct type of title.
If I click on a category we get the category name
now I think that while we're at it we should do the comments.
OK.
So if we go to a single post we want to be able to show a comments area.
So let's go to single dot ph P go down to see if we want to go right below the content and let's say
HP comments template
save.
Go back and reload and now you have comment functionality.
Let's just post something in here.
OK so that works.
Now it doesn't look too good so we'll style it a little bit before you can style it though.
Going to create a custom layout for our comments.
So we're going to create a new file and we're going to save it as comments dot ph P and I just can use
the standard code we've been using.
OK we have a div with a class of comments of a heading and then we're sending a bunch of arguments this
is actually from the documentation.
And then we're just going to punch it into W.P. list comments.
Then we have our arguments for the form and then we're going to punch that into comment form so we'll
save that for you load.
Looks a little different but still not very good.
So we're going to just add some style.
Let's go to our style sheet.
Go down to the bottom and we're going to paste the in K so I'll go over it.
We have our comments class.
We have a border padding and margin.
The H-3 has a background of light gray body.
We have a border around the body padding.
The matter has a background of dark gray.
Let's see the mirror image is going to float to the left.
We have the time.
We're just going to put a little margin to the left of the time to push it over.
And then the reply link will have a dark gray background.
And then we have the input and textarea which will have a 100 percent with and some some border in margin
.
So let's say that see what it looks like.
Ok that looks a lot better.
So we now have comments.
Now let's take care of the sidebar so let's go into functions that P P and we're going to go down here
and say widget locations.
OK so we'll have a function called init underscore widgets.
That's going to take an ID
and then we want to register sidebar
pasan a re
name will be side bar
D
or B also side bar all lowercase and then we're going to do before widget
.
OK will do that will do after Widger.
And we're going to do before title
and of course after title
.
OK so before we.
Let's take a look at the code so let's go to single ph P And if we look here and what we don't have
the animation do we.
OK so I want to be able to add some animation here.
So what's actually just leave that for right this second.
And we're going to go before widget and we'll have a div give it a class of well also animated
fade in.
Right.
And also sidebar widget.
All right.
And then after widget of course we need to close that div and then before title to an H.
Very close at age 3 and save.
So now back to single dot P P we can actually get rid of this whole thing
and we'll replace it with our dynamic sidebar.
I'll save that.
Now we also want it's actually I think that's the only place we want it so far.
So if we reload obviously that's gone let's go ahead and add a sidebar widget.
Oh I didn't know the action did I.
OK so in functions p p we're just going to do an action.
We're going to say widgets in it and then our function name which is in net widgets.
And now if we reload you should be able to see the widgets link right here in appearance.
All right.
And then what we'll do is take the text widget.
Move that over
.
And it just grabs and text
save.
And there we go.
So now you can see animate in now that H-3 isn't is and parsing correctly before title each three.
Take a look at that.
OK.
So that H-3 isn't registering.
Oh I have the quote the double quote.
Outside that's supposed to be like that.
There we go.
OK.
So we're pretty much there as far as blog posts go.
Aside from being able to have different formats which we'll get to later.
But in the next video we're going to do start to work on the pages.
As you can see if I go to a regular page this is what it looks like.
So that's what we'll do in the next video.